technology_group = western
technology_group = latin_group
technology_group = german
technology_group = nordic
technology_group = eastern
technology_group = greek
technology_group = russian_group
technology_group = balkan
technology_group = caucasian
technology_group = ottoman
technology_group = mashriqi
technology_group = maghrebi
technology_group = persian
technology_group = indian
technology_group = tibetan
technology_group = chinese
technology_group = japanese_group
technology_group = indochinese
technology_group = malay_group
technology_group = nomad_group
technology_group = ural_group
technology_group = sahelian
technology_group = sub_saharan
technology_group = ethiopian
technology_group = east_african
technology_group = nyanza
technology_group = central_african
technology_group = bantu
technology_group = khoisan_group
technology_group = siberian_group
technology_group = papuan
technology_group = australian
technology_group = oceanic
technology_group = eskaleut
technology_group = athabaskan
technology_group = cascadian
technology_group = californian
technology_group = great_basin
technology_group = north_american
technology_group = kanata
technology_group = mississippian
technology_group = aridoamerican
technology_group = mesoamerican
technology_group = caribbean
technology_group = south_american
technology_group = amazonian
technology_group = chacoan
technology_group = andean
technology_group = brasilian
technology_group = patagonian_group
technology_group = high_american
technology_group = chthonic